

Aesackir Portable Bluetooth Speaker with Subwoofer Wireless Speakers Outdoor/Indoor Big Support Remote Control FM Radio TF Card LED Lights MP3 Player Party for Home Camping iPhone Computer PC (B-S08)

49.99
One-Day
FREE Returns 
Coupon:    5% coupon applied to one item per order at checkout Shop items | Terms
Get a $100 Gift Card: Pay $0.00 $49.99 upon approval for Prime Visa. No annual fee.
May be available at a lower price from other sellers, potentially without free Prime shipping.
Color: B-S08

A12	
$39.98

 

B-S08	
$49.99

Brand	Aesackir
Item Dimensions LxWxH	108 x 90 x 170.4 inches
Connectivity Technology	Bluetooth, USB, AUX
Color	B-S08
Compatible Devices	MP3 Player, Tablet, Smartphone

bout this itemic
MultiFunction Bluetooth Speakers：The B-S08 Bluetooth speaker is equipped with bluetooth version 5.0 chip to quickly connect to most Bluetooth devices. FM frequency range: 87-108mHz. TWS function allows you to enjoy the wonderful feeling of surround sound. TF Card Input/AUX input/U-Disk Input player connecting to other non-Bluetooth devices in your home. Remote control and digital display makes your use feel more conveniently.
Volume Knob And Echo Knob Professional Design：This Bluetooth speaker has two volume knobs and an echo knob. One controls the volume of the speaker, one controls the volume of the microphone, and the other controls the echo of the microphone. The package is equipped with a rudimentary wired microphone for basic singing needs. It can support more professional wired microphones. Do not put the open microphone near the speaker to avoid loud noise.
Portable Bluetooth Speakers：Bluetooth Name: BT speaker, bluetooth working distance up to 50 feet. It can quickly connect to most Bluetooth devices, such as Android phones, iOS phones, Microsoft phones and so on. It can also connecting to other non-Bluetooth devices via 3.5mm AUX cable, such as Desktop computer, mp3/mp4/CD Player etc.
Loud Volume and Lightweight：This speaker is equipped with an 8-inch extremely loud speaker with 100W peak power, a very cost-effective portable speaker. The skeleton and bright lights on the speakers add even more cool scenes to the party. The lights on the speakers can be turned off/on as needed. It weighs less than 4 pounds, making it easy for even a child to pick up. You can take it anywhere you want.
What can you Get - Our worry-free 12-month and we will reply you within 8-24 hours to provide you with thecustomer service. B-S08 portable speaker is not big or heavy, and has a comfortable handle, you can take the speaker anywhere to enjoy music.
Item Weight : 3.6 pounds